All right, y'all. We are live.
Sorry. Oh, man. I can't even keep a
straight face. We are live on this
Tuesday afternoon.
I'm about to lose it all, guys. I mean,
as the title of the video says, this is
crazy. Bitcoin is dumping. Who would
have thought that Bitcoin was going to
dump? But here's the thing. We are long.
We are strong. $500,000.
Half a million dollars on the trade.
The question is guys, are we actually
going to hold support? This is now or
never. This is now or never. Right now,
I mean, we've gotten a swing fail. We
gotten a chicken's drinking water
pattern of the high from yesterday.
New York was not open yesterday. We
simply get a swing failure pattern, a
CDW of the high.
And now we're dumping. And here's the
thing. The question is, are we simply
going to get a CDW of this low? So far,
the answer is no. But one hope that we
have, guys, the one hope that we have
right now with $500,000 on the line,
half a million on the line,
is that we are coming down to our
Fibonacci golden pocket. In fact, if we
put on our Fibonacci extension tool and
we click off all these things right
here,
except for the 618 and the 786, you can
see that we are coming down to the
golden pocket. Not only that, guys, not
only are we coming to the golden pocket,
but we have more to talk about. Yes,
indeed, we have even more to discuss.
All right, as we're massively bleeding
out money, about to lose it all. Check
this out as well. Let's see here.
Not this. This is not what I want to
see.
Here we go. Look at this, guys. Not that
either. Look at this. Wait, not that
either.
Hang on. Where's my chart? Here's my
chart,
guys. Look at this. The 12minut time
frame. All right. We are currently right
now bouncing from the CME gap. The CME
gap. That's right. the Friday candle
that closed here
all the way back here on Friday and then
we pump and range over the weekend. This
could be our saving grace. This could be
the hope that gives us what we need. And
if we look at market cipher B, if we go
to the 1 hour time frame right now, oh
my goodness. Do you guys see what I see?
Do you see what I see? I see something.
I see big on the left, nice and juicy,
skinny on the right side, just to round
out the booty, potentially forming right
here on good oldfashioned market cipher
B, the number one indicator on Trading
View. We go to the 24-minut time frame
though, things start to look a little
bit shady
because honestly, if we start to look at
the cheeks on the 24-minut, the money
flow is coming out. We have to ask
ourselves, is this going to be the
divergence
that gives us the emergent break to the
upside looking clean like dish detergent
or is this actually going to be a floppy
butt cheek pattern with the money flow
coming lower?
This is something that we need to
discuss and we will today as we take a
look at the order flow. Now, I'm in a
$500,000 short as well from the exact
top.
Man, how did how does a guy get in from
the exact top? Like Well, it's the same
trade I've been in since the 10th of
May, but I've been adding to it. All
right, so we're up right now. Well, just
under 30K on the short. We're we're
losing money on the long and and we're
going to be we're going to be discussing
what's happening here.
All right, let's see. We'll go to the
market flow, the market monkey terminal,
the order flow. Let's go to the order
flow here
just to see what's been happening. So on
the way down we have seen a massive
amount of longs getting absolutely
destroyed here. They are getting
absolutely wrecked. You can see the open
interest is totally flat here. CBD
totally flat here. Longs closing out. A
few shorts opening but nothing too much
to write home about.
But this is a big make it or break zone.
You can see we are trying to reclaim the
CME gap.
All right. We're trying to reclaim the
CME gap. And here's the thing guys. The
the real question right now is can we
close the hourly candle? We have 12
minutes. Can we close the hourly candle
above 75 987 and 70 cents on buy USD?
This is the this box guys if you
remember. I mean this is the box that we
have been talking about now ever since
yesterday when we got the big move to
the upside. This is the box of hope and
wonder. This is the box that will save
us from losing everything. Okay. This is
the box that will have me keep the farm.
And so as we're coming down to the box,
the box of keeping the farm, we need to
watch carefully. All right, we need to
watch very carefully here. Can we
reclaim this yellow line? You guys see
the yellow line on the chart right here?
76,000 on Antarctic or maybe we get a
little bit of a drop down towards the
Fibonacci golden pocket right toward
this box here. If we can hold this box,
this could be a very significant low.
All right,
God bless everyone in Jesus name. Thank
you so much for being in here. Shout
outs to everybody in the chat. Shout out
to Prime Vids. He says losing it all
live. Yo, we are live live. And we are
we are losing it all today. Shout out to
Plane Sailor. He says JC's earlier long
approaching. Let's see if we get the
confirmations.
What kind of weird haircut you guys see
this? Oh my goodness. What did I just do
to my hair?
Maybe I got to do a little bit of this.
There we go. Nah. There we go. It's
looking a little bit better. It's
looking kind of cool. I look kind of
cool, right?
Put the hat back on. Let's keep things
serious in here. Big shout out to my man
Buen. He says, "Two live streams in one
day. We're getting spoiled."
Big shout out to Real Cipher Writer. I
just joined Blow Fin through your
referral. That's awesome, man. You're
gonna have really low fees.
Big shout out to Preparing for War. Big
shout out to the original key pups.
Shout out to Use Gaming. Shout out to
Packa Boy Killer. What you expecting,
guys? Seriously, how many cycles must be
done for you to understand simple
things? If you're bullish now, you're
done.
All right. Pack a boy. Pack-a-o boy
killer. Pack-a- boy killer says the
bulls are done.
Do you believe that? Pack-a- boy killer.
He says the bulls are done. Look, we're
reclaiming the line right now. We made
$2,000 during this live stream. We are
reclaiming the white line. Yeah. Here we
go, baby. Time for Pump City. We got
half a million dollars on the line. It's
time for Pump City. It's looking so
pretty,
you know. It's looking so pretty. Can we
close the hourly candle above the level?
Look, pack a boy killer. You know, we
might. We might. Let's see what happens
here. We This is the one hour candle,
too. Pack-a-o killer. Uh, shout out to
Patrick Noore.
And big shout out to JP86.
He says it'll hold now. We losing it.
Looks like I glued a toppee to the top
and shaved the sides. I think you mean a
toupe, bro. I got the topy glued to the
top.
I mean, look. What could go wrong with
the hair? Let's see if we can't get it
to look a little bit nicer. Part down
the middle. Old school.
Can we hold the level? Can we hold the
level? Pack a boy killer. You know what
I'm saying? Can we hold the level?
Hey yo, Packa Boy killer, can we hold
the level? Jay Casper trading all the
Bitcoin with no treble cuz you know we
got the base. We've got the purple
candles smashing in your face. Big
shouts to blow fin. We got the gold
chain. You know if you're a bull then
you are in pain cuz you long the top
then we drop. Market makers hit the
spot. Next thing you know we turn
around. We never stop making profit all
day. Coming to the treadmill. We're
walking uphill like my name is Bill.
Talking about Bill Gates. Don't you know
my man? He loves to frustrate. Get you
in the vein with his vaccine. Killing
all the people in the third world
countries. He's building all the
steeples on the church buildings, but
then he tears them down. Jake Casper got
a nice haircut and then he turns around.
They say he's on a treadmill, boy. Like
a clown. Oh my goodness. I'm smiling.
I'm frowning. I got the frown on my
face. J Casper, sit back, you clown.
You're such a disgrace.
Now, here we go. Sit back. Relax.
Welcome to my show. Sit back, relax,
listen to my flow. Sit on the toilet.
You squeeze. Kabloom. Kaboom. Bam. The
poop comes out. It hits the water. The
Bitcoin price. I need a spotter in the
gym when I'm bench pressing. Training
arms and chest. I never train legs cuz
you know it's best. What is this thing
that you see? My hair is coming down.
Looks like some TP cuz we TP. We're
taking profits all day. We're making
money. Jay Casper on the mic. Your boy
ain't funny, huh? We got the plunger.
Yo, what's up? Check. Check. Here we
are. Bitcoin dumping. Yo, what the heck?
I thought we were bouncing from support.
I took the long. I made the profits.
Just kidding. Now I'm wh didn't take
profits. Only a screenshot. Posted on
Twitter. They say, "Jay, what a what?
What a w." Like a thought. You got the
clot on your plunger in the hand bite.
Take it out. Ah, you know I love the
rubber. Tastes so good. Jay Casper
trading like a Casper should. Now we got
the candles purple. Can we reclaim the
line just like Steve Urkl. Oh man, we're
coming down to the five minute at
resistance. Can we go the distance? Got
to eat your spinach. Fire on all
pistons. You get into the car. Don't you
know you can't distance this just to
kiss this. The piss fake like Artemis is
blasting to the moon. You know we never
want to kiss this t cuz we got the blue
pumping up. Next thing we got the
coffee, caffeine in my cup, man. We got
a box of tissues. I got to blow the snot
out of my nose just to miss you.
All right, let's see what happens here.
We got to give a big shout.
It's my man. Um,
we got to give a big shout out to to
everyone in the chat. Okay.
I got the farmer Drew Cud. Well, you
ain't wrong. All right, you ain't wrong.
All right, let's see. Take a look at
Macron. Punto Verde is about to sneak
back across the border. Vamos Estadoos
Uniodos.
Don't worry, I only used the plunger
twice.
Um,
man, what's up with this haircut anyway?
Honestly, I better put the hat back on.
I'm making a fool of myself again. And
the one thing I hate doing in life is
making a fool of myself.
Let's see here, guys. We are coming down
to the wire. Let's get back to another
chart here. All right. Take take a look
at this. Take a look at this. All right.
Let's take a look at this here, guys.
This green line. If we reclaim, if we
close the hourly above this green line,
I'm taking some profit off the short
here. All right. But let's see. This is
such a key level, man.
This is such a key level right now. And
if not, maybe we come down and bounce
from the golden pocket. One hour
potential bullish divergence 24-m
minute. Ah, we're dancing on the line
the 12minut time frame. Honestly, guys,
if this thing confirms a dang green dot
on the 12minute right now, would you
look at how beautiful this is? All
right, let's take a look at the Loris at
the diner. Her butt cheeks couldn't look
finer. We zoom in here. We take a nice
screenshot. We put it on the chart.
Okay, let's stretch out Dolores's rear.
All right, let's take a measuring tool.
How much space do we have between the
cheeks? About 15 hours of space between
the cheeks. That's a long time. We're
taking it from Monday. Look at the money
flow coming up here. My goodness. I've
never seen anything so bullish in my
life. This honestly, I'm not even
kidding. This if confirmed, this green
dot will be will be bullish. Mark my
words. We get this green dot, baby.
We're about to pump. All right, it will
be bullish. Mark my words. Mark my
words. It will be bullish. All right,
let's see. But right now, the candle's
turning purple. All right, we're going
to go back to Antarctic. We're going to
go back to our long trade. $500,000 on
the line here.
Let's see if we can't get the reclaim.
All right, we're trying. Let's get our
fiveminute candle pumping. Come on. Five
minute candle. It's purple now, but she
wants to turn blue. You can see what
she's going to do. She's purple now, but
she's going to turn blue. All right.
Let's see.
Man, I just I just mowed the grass for
like two hours, guys.
And I've got all the dust and everything
up in my nose. I was so dirty after I
went inside. I took a shower. I shaved
my face. I shaved my armpit. I shaved my
chest. I shaved my stomach. I shaved
everything. I just felt so gross as the
candle is turning blue now. All right,
let's go. Let's go, baby.
Um, here we go. About to turn blue,
baby. We are pumping. We got 500K on the
trade, guys. We have half a million
dollars on the position right now. All
right. People are Jay, why are you so
serious? Jay, why you acting so serious,
man? It's cuz I got $500,000 on the
line. All right. Um, yeah, the 12 minute
is looking good. Shout out to Lux Luxi.
Luxi, he says, "I got into the stream
late. Are folks trying to go long from
here?" So, I'm long from lower, but I'm
looking for a bounce from my box. All
right. I'm looking for a bounce from the
box right now, but we we've just filled
the CME gap. So, the CME gap literally
is filled right now. Let's put it on the
chart. All right. This is the CME gap.
CME gap.
All right, let's make the text white.
Let's Let's put it to the right.
White to the right. I know I just
triggered all a whole bunch of leftists
in here. I'm sorry, guys. White and
right, man.
But yeah, this is the CM gap that we
just filled here. And not only that, but
if we can reclaim this yellow line,
guys, I think we're we're we're going to
pump city. All right, CDW the high.
Nothing too crazy. Now we just get CDW
the low. It's a simple sideways range.
All right. Looking for the long from
here. The short from around here. Yeah,
my my actual short level did get front
run today. Maybe my long level gets
front run, too. So, we're looking for
the reclaim of the yellow line. All
right. Got to keep them dingleberries at
bay. Yeah. Well, here's the thing, guys.
If you're still using toilet paper,
there's something wrong with you. I got
to be honest. All right. Look, as an
American,
just hear me out here, my fellow
Americans.
Everyone else thinks you're disgusting.
All right? especially Europeans. All
right. You you nowadays we don't need
toilet paper no more. All right. You you
get the you get the dang bedet. Get the
bedet on Amazon. It's cheap. So you
screw that thing onto the toilet. You
spray your butthole. You don't have to
wipe it. All right. It's so clean. It's
gross, man. You putting toilet paper up
your up your butt. It doesn't even get
all the poop out.
That's gross.
>> You know what I'm saying? Got to spray
that thing out.
You know, it's a real powerful sprayer.
>> Um,
>> what are singleberries? Dingleberries.
See, Lux Luxi doesn't know what
dingleberries are cuz he doesn't use
toilet paper. He's got a sprayer and a
dryer on his dang toilet. Zack, you can
buy You can buy a bid it a bid it for 20
bucks.
You got to bid bid that toilet paper.
Goodbye. Bid it. Goodbye. All right. Oh,
no. We're dumping and we're losing lots
of money. We're closing the CME gap. Oh
my goodness, guys. This is a big make it
or break it zone for Bitcoin, honestly.
Oh man,
this is a lot of pressure. I'm not going
to lie. The pressure is on right now.
Let's check back out to the order flow.
Okay, let's check back out to the order
flow. Let's see. Let's pop back on the
order flow chart. Let's check it out.
All right, the pressure is on. Smash up
the likes cuz the pressure is on.
Uh,
>> let's see. The sprayer hurts. You got to
put it on light mode. All right. Make
sure it's not on Make sure it's not on
jumbo mode. You got to put on light
mode. All right. You don't want to You
don't want to put your butt sprayer on
jumbo mode. All right.
All right. Big decrease of OI here.
Longs closing out, a few shorts opening
again. Let's pull the fib over here on
Market Monkey Terminal. All right. And
we're going to pull our fib here.
We're coming down to the 618. We're
going to put a box on the chart. This is
the blue box of hope and wonder. We must
hold this. If not, Jason Casper is
scroo.
All right. See, we filled the CME gap.
Now we're coming down to the golden
pocket here. Uh-oh. We're starting to
get floppy cheeks on the 12minute, guys.
What was our ticket of hope is turning
into our ticket of fear. All right, from
hope into fear in one second here. Oh
man, we are losing it all today, aren't
we? Let's uh put back on the trade.
All right, let's put the trade back on.
Oh man, this is so sensational. We're
starting to get another blue candle.
Back test of the CME. Back test of the
CME. Look at this, guys. Here we go,
baby. Back test of the CME. They're
trying again. The Bulls are trying
again. The Bulls are trying again.
Let's see. Horn Cobb from Giant will
also do the trick if you're talking
about loose poop J. I don't know what
that means, bro, but I can't believe I
just read that out loud.
Um,
let's see.
Uh,
>> when's my birthday? My bidday. My bedet.
When's my bedet? It's It's every time I
got to go. All right.
Uh, let's see. Open a freshy short. Nah.
Heck no. I ain't opening a freshy short
right now. I know. Back test of the CM
gap. It's going to shoot through 70K
like a finger through cheap TV. All
right. Says Sam Backberger.
Zack61ita says, "I missed the live
earlier. Glad I made it here. Mad love
y'all. Smack the likes for Jay. We know
he gives it to us straight. He never
gives it to us gay.
Thanks, Zach. 61ita.
Um, all right. So, looks like we might
lose it, guys. Again, we are in a half
million dollar long trade. About to lose
it all. Okay. We need to hold this
level. We want to hold this level.
Come on, Bitcoin. Don't do this to me
now. Don't make a fool out of me on the
internet, Bitcoin.
All right.
Come on, Betty. Bitty. Come on, Betty
Betty. We We need We need something good
to happen here. Oh, man. Oh, man. Look
at this. The treadmill stops.
I can't read the the speed of the
treadmill. That's the problem.
All right, there we go.
Look at the CME SFP. Yeah, we might be
doing that. We We could be stuck with
the three sea shells like I didn't Yeah,
I remember that movie actually. You
don't know how to use the three sea
shell. I thought it was two sea shells.
Um, stocks splashing to new alltime
highs.
Looking like a Benjamin Button. I look
like Benjamin Button. I remember that
movie. What a strange, weird, kind of
sad movie
about aging in reverse, right? Let's
check out the CME CDW. Did the CME
actually get a CDW of this low? Let's
check it. All right, we will check it
out over here on Trading View. Let's uh
let's pop it on. All right, let's pop it
on. Here we go.
Let's pop it on here.
Bam. There we go.
Yeah. Let's check check out the CME
here.
It'll be small cuz I want to keep an eye
mainly on my trade here.
All right. Let's go to the actual Oh,
okay. So, by bit got a uh swing failure
pattern, a local swing failure. All
right, come on by. This is our moment to
shine, baby. This is our moment to
shine. Look at this. We took that
liquidity. Let's go check out the order
flow. We're starting to get a bounce.
All right, let's go to the 5m minute
time frame here.
And we are seeing a tick up of oi now
starting to come in. We're seeing longs
opening up. Oh man, 44 million 100
million longs. Come on. 100 million
longs.
We need them to really give us that that
pump, baby. All right. We need them to
give us the pump. We need the pump right
now. All right. We need that pump right
now.
Do I live every day? Praise God. I have
lived every single day since I've been
born. Praise Jesus.
Yes, I have lived every single day.
It's the Lord who sustains me and gives
me life every single day. Now, if you're
asking if I go live every day,
nope. I go live whenever I feel like it,
man. Whenever I feel like it, I go live.
Pumping stocks to keep Americans from
fleeing the failed US dollar and hiding
a housing. And hiding a housing. All
right. I don't I don't think the pumping
of the stocks is keeping Americans from
fleeing the dollar, bro. Most Americans
don't really think about using anything
else uh or even really have a choice.
You know what I'm saying? Um
yeah, most people that
I don't think the stock market's fooling
anybody, bro.
I don't think stock market's fooling
anybody. But I will tell you this.
Um
well, never mind. I'm not gonna say
that. But yeah, don't keep your money in
dollars unless you're about to buy
something that's not a dollar. Don't
keep your money in dollars unless you're
going to buy something that's not a
dollar. All right,
we need the pump song. Well, we already
did a little bit of a rap. Maybe maybe
we should do the pump song. Maybe we
should do the pump song if
Yeah, maybe we should do the pump song.
Let's see if the pump song actually
works to give us what we need. And what
we need, guys, is to pump this Bitcoin
price cuz we're in a $500,000 long right
now. We've got it all on the line. All
right, we've got it all on the line.
Oh, come on, Bitcoin.
Oh, come on, Bitcoin. Come on, Bitcoin.
Come on. Come on. Oh, come on, Bitcoin.
Yeah, I think we might we might need to
do a pump song. I mean, honestly, what
the heck? What the heck? Right.
Here we go. I I I I think a pump song
might actually work right now. Let's
give it a shot. Let's give it a shot.
Just not the pump song. Let's see. Here
we go.
This is the pump song. Guaranteed to
pump the Bitcoin price every single
time. Sometimes it has a delayed effect,
but this time it's going to work right
away. I can feel it in my bones.
All right.
I can feel it in my bones.
Check one. Check two. Check one. Check
two.
Check one. Check two.
I hope the sound works.
I really hope the sound works.
Here we go, baby. About to pump it.
Let's go.
Yeah. Here we go, baby.
Yeah. Here we go. We going to dump.
No, we're going to pop.
We're going to jump. No, we're going to
pop. We're going to jump. No, we're
going to pop. We're going to jump. No,
we're going to pop the door, baby. Let's
go. We're going to
We're going to
pop the door, baby. Let's go.
Oh
yeah.
Yeah.
Let's go.
Go.
Let's go. Let's go.
Let's go.
Here we go. It's working, baby. It's
working.
We're going to jump. No, we're going to
pop. We're going to jump. Never going to
pop. We're going to jump
pop the big
We're going to jump.
We're going to pop the Bitcoin, baby.
Let's go.
I'm feeling a little bit nervous, guys.
Let me crack open a nice Zia
caffeine-free cola to calm the nerve.
Yeah, sometimes it has delayed effects.
Oh no, we're getting a purple candle.
Where's the stop loss?
There is no stop.
We're going to pop. We're going to
pop. We're going to pop the best. Ready?
Let's go.
Yeah.
Heat.
All right. Well, that didn't work at
all. Okay. Actually didn't work at all.
All right.
Time for plan B.
Time for plan
time for plan B. None of that soda made
it in my mouth, by the way.
It made it down my shirt, though.
Made it down my pants, too.
All right. Shot. Big shout out to Mel
Dascamperu
8940, who says, "Crypto is done."
All right, crypto is done. Ry does
subscribe just to comment. Don't
unsubscribe, please. I'm I'm begging.
All right. Um my uh
Okay. Yeah. Um
let's get back on some good
old-fashioned
uh beats, like hip-hop beats, you know?
That's what we really want here.
Yeah. There we go.
All right,
the 12minute, guys, is giving us what we
want. Let's check it out. The 12minut is
giving us what we want. I think we can
get out of the woods here. I think we
can get out of Look at the 12minute
here. Giving us the uneven butt cheek
pattern. All right.
Yeah.
Look at this. We got the double green
dot on market cipher B.
Nice bottom, smaller, right? Money flow
getting higher. I think we can pump it.
Our good friend Dolores
at the diner giving us the bullish
signals.
Hey yo, Dolores, I want more of this.
Look at Jason Casper with the Euroiss.
He's got the can of selda. It's falling
down his shirt. If you're long, baby to
get hurt. Just kidding. We got the
bears. They're scared. They're in their
underwear. They're wondering where the
margin will come from to pad the
position. Yo, they're about to be
ditched and you know we feel the CME.
Got the CDW the SFP. Sit back, relax,
listen to me and you will see. About to
make it to a new alltime high, baby. Cuz
once we reclaim 75987.7,
don't you know the price pumps up to the
heavens? We got the SFP of the highs
before New York open, but now we're
sitting. We got the sto. It's bringing
the baby about to hatch the egg. Pumping
Bitcoin up. Let me show you the way. We
got the bullish divergences on the
chart. Hey, it's looking so fine like
the Lorises. Hey, hey, we got the price
coming down. Coffee spilling all over
the ground cuz you know the butt cheeks
are so dang uneven. They call my name
Steven, but we're looking all around
like we creeping. But then the price
bounces up like the cigarette smoke. The
chart I see is giving me hope. We got
three blue candles in a row. Can you
even handle it now? The price is going
slow. But once we break out of
resistance, it starts to go fast. Trust
me, we go the distance. We get in the
car, turn the key, fire on all pistons.
Jay Casper, man, you know you want to
diss this to kiss this. You know we
never tr this just to miss this. We're
coming up like it's Christmas. We open
the presents. We got them under the
tree. Oh no. Can I trade Bitcoin? I have
to pee. Don't worry, I always got a jug.
next to the desk. When you've had enough
of water and soda, you know it fills up
your bladder, but you pee in the jug.
They call me Jay the Mad Hatter. Oh
snap. Here we go. The Bitcoin price.
Listen to my flow. Sit back. Welcome to
the Jason Casper show. We will take a
quick look at the order flow. We got the
Oi coming up with the CVD.
All right.
Oh my goodness. Crypto Crank's in an $8
million long right now at $75950.
All right, let's go, baby. We're pumping
it up with Crypto Crank in the house,
baby. Um, we're pumping it up in the
house. All right, he's long with me,
guys. Krypto Crank sees the uneven
cheeks on MCB.
I got to stop drinking this stuff, man.
It's hard. I got a 12-pack in the house,
you know? It It tastes good. Shouldn't
be drinking this crap. Aluminum cans and
who knows? natural flavoring. It's
probably shrinking my testicles right
now. You know what I'm saying? It's
probably shrinking them down to little
grapes, little raisins.
My goodness. Did I give an egg code for
today? No. But I could do it right now,
man. I'll do it right now. All right.
I'll give an egg code right now.
Let's see.
I'll do an egg code right now.
We'll do an egg code right now.
Send a few eggs to Portugal. Man, guess
what happened today?
We'll make the code is blue
eggs. Two words, blue eggs.
All right, I'll tell you why. Blue eggs.
All right. It's because today
All right.
Trump passed a medical about an hour
ago. Posted on truth. What do you mean?
He passed a medical. Passed a medical.
Past the medical. It sounds like a pasta
dish. Past the medical. That's how
that's how um Canadians say pasta. They
say pasta. Guys, look what I found. Look
what I found today in the barn. I go
into the barn. The chickens are acting
suspicious.
They're acting suspicious like they've
been talking to someone they shouldn't
have been talking to. I look up, I see
two robins flying around the barn, and
they looked like they were doing
something they shouldn't have been
doing. And then I look around and I see
on the window sill of the barn a robin's
egg nest. Beautiful. Of course, I didn't
touch the eggs, but are those not the
most beautiful eggs you've ever seen?
Robin eggs in the in the barn. I thought
about making some scrambled eggs. I
thought about making some sunny side up
over easy robin eggs, but I decided, you
know what? I'm not going to disturb the
mommy and the daddy robins. I'm going to
let the babies come and and and it's
going to be a beautiful thing as we are
reclaiming this level. We make a higher
high here, I'm taking some pee on the S.
All right, taking some pee on the S. If
we make a higher high here, all right,
let's see. 76132.
All right, we're taking some pee on the
S, but oh my goodness. Look at the blue
candle, man. I called it, baby. We
called the blue candle. Can you even
sniff your sandals? Here we go, baby.
Robin Egg Blue, your next pain choice.
Um,
wait, you're not shorting? No, I'm
longing, baby. I'm taking profit on a
short if we if we pump.
Pass the medical. Pass the medical.
Trump passed the medical. He passed the
medical, you know.
Let's see what happens here.
You turn into Shrek if you drop an X. Oh
man.
All right. Here we go, baby.
Here we go.
60K was definitely the bottom. Maybe
we're definitely going to make a double
bottom. I can't imagine the bottom that
the bottom is in. All right.
8K profit is crazy. Is it? Is it crazy?
Is that really crazy? I don't think
that's that crazy. Look, the last dang
trade I was in here.
$59,000 profit, baby. This ain't crazy.
Th This is not crazy. This is just
getting started, man. If this plays out
the way I want, this thing is going to
be well into the mid five
figures,
you know.
But let's see what happens here. This is
a slow pump. All right, but
look guys, I told the community that I
was taking this trade, okay? Told the
community I'm taking the trade. We gave
the dang setup in advance.
All right, told the community I'm taking
the trade. We've been short since May
10th as well. Told the community the
shorts I'm trading currently in a short
up almost 30k here. Look, I'm going to I
I've
short. I am going to be taking profits
some if we can reclaim the support
resistance flip here. Okay. Okay. Okay.
Let's see. Let's see.
Let's see.
14 days says, "I think Jason Casper's
demo trading. Look at how poor his house
is. My house might be poor, but look at
me. Look at this. Would I be wearing a
solid gold blow fin chain
if I wasn't filthy rich trading with a
real account? Of course not. The proof
is in the chain, baby. The proof is in
the chain. You think my house looks
poor? You think this house looks poor?
My goodness.
Um,
let's see.
Isn't it a BOS on multiple time frame?
You're talking about a bearish BOS.
Let's check this out here. Look, guys.
It's quite simple. This is the way I'm
looking at it. This is the way I think
it should be looked at here. All right,
we have a sideways range. Okay,
highs of the range are up here. All
right, we got a confirmed swing failure
pattern of the high. Now we're at the
low of the range, which is right here.
We're filling the CME gap. We have
bullish divergences. All right, we're
coming down to the box, the juicy box of
goodness.
Um, so I'm I'm hoping for a move back up
to the top. Okay, here we go. Here we
go. All right, I'm going to take some
profits on the short trade.
Bam. Boom. Look at this, guys.
$21,000 locked in.
All right, $21,000 locked in on the
short trade. Let's pump it, baby. This
could have been the dumbest move. Taking
profits now. I've only got $250,000 on
the short right now. Let's see if we
can't get a little juice from this long,
baby. All right. Come on. Come on, baby.
Come on. Let's go. Let's go.
Let's go, baby.
Proof is in the bling, baby.
Trump is in the hospital. No way. Is
this true? Let's let's check it out. I
don't believe anything. I like honestly
my first when I hear it, I think, yeah,
yeah, yeah. And who knows what's true
anymore,
you know? Let's see. I'm sure the news
says Trump's in the hospital. Let's see
what the news says. Trump passed out
hospital.
All right. President Donald Trump did
not pass out.
This is from AI. I have no idea.
I don't know. We I We probably go got to
go on X. All right, we've got to go on
X. Let's search for Donald Trump here.
Trump
Trump. Oh, he posted on Truth Social,
right?
I type in Donald Trump and I get this
stuff. The heck is this?
Looks like a brain.
That looks like a brain. All right, we
have to go on Truth Social.
Truth.
Donald Trump. Truth Social.
I don't see anything.
Oh, he passed a medical exam. All right.
He passed a medical exam. Man, that's
how rumors spread, man. That's how
rumors spread. People are like, "Donald
Trump passed out. He's in the hospital.
He passed the medical exam.
All right.
All right. All right.
Man,
is this my voice or is it synthesized
AI?" I don't know. I had my accent
changer on the other day and it made me
sound like a total weirdo.
Let's see. Watch this.
Um,
hello. My name is Jason. How are you?
Hello, my name is Jason Casper. Make
sure to click the link in description to
buy all my things. I'm only trading a
demo account, so this money swake.
Please, I need you to click my links,
otherwise I won't be able to stay in
this cheap garage. I need to pay rent
$400 by the end of the month. Hurry,
hurry. Please click, please click the
links now.
Carbon sound. Hello, my name is Jason
Casper. Welcome to the show. Welcome to
the show. Big Shannet's my man Crypto
Crank in the house. He's $8 million long
with me. Let's go, baby. Let's go.
Cryptocrank $8 million on the long
trade.
Let's grow, Verity. Cryptocrank is is a
scalp from scalper.
This exchange didn't even allow them for
That's right. This is a DEX. All right.
This is a decentralized exchange.
This is a decentralized exchange. So
there there is none of that here. But
whatever. Like I always say, uh
I I I I would never trade real money and
neither should you because it's risky
and the purpose of life is to avoid all
risks at all costs. Might get sick. Bose
down your business and stay home.
Definitely don't go outside without
covering every orifice to your body. All
right.
You don't want to die. That's the
purpose of life is to avoid death,
right? Until you die.
Definitely don't want to risk money. But
we got to give a major shout out to my
man Crypto Crank with the $2 super chat.
It's only $2 because the rest of his
money is on this Bitcoin long trade,
baby. Let's pump it. All right. Let's
pump it, baby. Let's pump it. Um,
let's pump it. Here we go.
All right. Trump had a visit. How did I
do that, Juan? It It's my my noise gate
has an accent blocker. So, I told it I
have an Indian accent. Please fix my
Indian accent. I I wish I could if I had
a good Indian accent, I would try and
use one and see if it would make me
sound normal.
I'm not going to try that. I'm not going
to try it. Okay. I used to have a pretty
good Indian accent when I lived in
New Jersey.
Um
Jason is AI fake planted by the CIA. We
will never know what your true voice is.
This is my true voice. But um
I'm too embarrassed to talk like this.
So I've trained myself to talk more
manly.
You know,
I trained myself to talk more manly.
Does Mexc offer a fee discount if you
use my referral link? I'm not sure
anymore, bro. I don't know. Right now,
my official discount exchanges are
first of all, Antarctic, Decentralized,
0.02 market order, 0% limit order. All
right, Blofen, KSEX, and Yubit. All
right, KSEX right now, the lowest fees
available,
$21,000 deposit bonus up to Yubit,
they're giving a $50,000 welcome bonus,
instant VIP fees.
All right. And Blowfin also with the
very low fees. All right. Also guys,
50 $250,000 giveaway right now.
Bitfunded is going to be giving away 50
$5,000 funded accounts. All you have to
do is click the link in the description
to automatically enter to win a $5,000
funded account. And client funding is
giving away five $50,000 accounts. We're
giving away half a million dollars.
Just for the client funding giveaway,
you have to have had an account, a
funded account. You have to have
purchased an account in the past. All
right. For Bitfunded, you don't. For
client, you do, but they're giving away
50 grand. So, they want people who are
committed. All right. Also, if you want
to join the Casper crew where I give my
trades in the moment, setups in advance,
tell the community what I'm doing, you
can go to jason caspertrading.com.
We're pretty much, guys, for the last
few months, we have pretty much nailed
every significant pivot here. And it
looks like I might be getting wrecked.
Oh my goodness. Let's go back to the
long trade here. Oh man. Come on.
12minute market cipher B. We're back
testing
this level. I'm freaking out. I'm
freaking out. I'm freaking out. I'm
freaking out. I'm freaking out.
I'm freaking out. I'm freaking out. I'm
freaking out.
This is what I really want.
>> Hey yo, high leverage trade. You know I
took the long, but then it dumped back
down. I had to sing the song. I took
profit on the short. Shouldn't have done
it. Now the blue candles, they turn
around. They spun it. I'm losing money
so dang fast. Can the Bitcoin price even
get past the levels. All I want to do is
for us to blast to a new alltime high.
We were in first, now we're in last. I
can't even believe what I'm seeing on
the screen. Do you know what I mean? I
thought I was going to get rich today.
Making all the profit. Instead, they
turn it around. They smash me down just
to spot it. Sonic verse Robotnik. We're
getting the rings. Kaching. We're taking
profits. Listen to Jay Singh. We got the
CME gap nice and filled. But just below
we got the GP. You get the feels. Maybe
market makers take it down for one more
low. Or maybe they pump it up and say,
"Look out below." But either way, you
know, we stay in control cuz we are the
market makers and we got the crypto
flow. Just so you know, between me and
my friend Joe talking about Joe Biden
versus Trump. Don't you know we got the
purple candles? They're coming back
down. Can you hear the sound of Bitcoin
crashing to the ground? Oh no. Got to
keep your chin up. Keep your head up.
Don't you know you're peeing and your
pants were pull-ups. You got the diapers
ultra absorbent. The Bitcoin price it's
so dang abhorent. But don't you know we
never get liquidated cuz we got the
depends. We stay frustrated. We got
longlasting dryness. It lasts all day.
Maximum absorbency. It ain't gay. You
know it gives you confidence when you
got this face and your adult diapers. It
put you in your place. No disgrace. We
were pumping up, but now we coming down.
I was smiling, but now I got a frown.
Hey, no worries. We got uneven cheeks.
Let's take a look at Dolores. Let's take
a peek. We got big on the left. Oh,
baby, it's so juicy and skinny on the
right side. Just to round out the booty,
we got the double green dot. Ben
Armstrong, big bottom. Tip money in the
right pocket. Can you spot him? Then the
candle's coming down, but then the
candle's going up. She's coming out
smoking cigarettes. Coffee in the cup.
Ooh,
looking good, baby. Looking good, baby.
Um,
dang it. Come on, Crypto Crank. You
still in the long, bro? Look, we we we
simply just back tested the level. All
right, that's what we're doing right
now. Cryptocrank,
don't tell me you're getting bearish
now.
All right.
Did I say K do DOT? You know what's so
funny? I I honestly had no idea what K
dot meant.
I thought it was a cryptocoin. I thought
it was a cryptocoin. So, here's a story
time with Jake.
On April 1st, Trump gave a speech and I
super chatted AP News and I said, "Dear
Trump, please say Bitcoin,
just a troll cuz I figured all the
crypto people would get a chuckle from
it." Um, especially if they knew who
Jason Casper was. But anyway, it went
viral. All right. Now, fast forward to
like a few weeks ago. I start getting
comments on all my YouTube videos. You
know, first I get comments on my YouTube
videos of saying, "Dear Trump, say
Bitcoin. Dear Trump, say Bitcoin."
Right? It's like, "Okay, cool, cool,
cool." You know, I got a lot of views
and a lot of subscribers from that super
chat, but now people are saying, "Dear
Drake, say K dot." And I couldn't figure
out what that first of all, I don't know
what a K dot is. All right? You see, I'm
I'm too white. I I don't know what a K
dot is. All right? I thought it's a
cryptocoin because I know Drake like
released a new song and he said
Bitcoiner. I saw it on like Twitter,
right? And and people like every single
minute I'm getting all these comments.
Jason say K dot. Jason say K dot. Say K
dot. Like what the heck's a K dot. I'm
like googling it on. Then I find out
it's a name for Kendrick Lamar.
Kendrick Lamar. Who the heck is that?
Some rapper that Drake hates. So anyway,
I keep getting these comments. On every
comment I'm asking the person why where
did you see like where did you see me do
that? Cuz I don't even know what a K dot
is. And it turns out it was from
Instagram. Somebody turned my Trump
super chat into a a meme on Instagram.
So lately, I mean, this is crazy, but
you know what's so crazy about it is my
I've been getting so many subscribers on
YouTube lately because of this K dot
thing. Like just my videos have not been
getting me subscribers at all. These
live streams haven't been doing crap,
but I get all these new views and
subscribers from people uh just
commenting.
They put me in the YouTube algorithm.
All these comments on my videos has like
put me back in the YouTube algorithm has
been like amazing for my channel, right?
All these people saying K Dot now
YouTube thinks, "Oh, people want to
search for Jason Casper." And so they're
putting me back in the dang algorithm.
I've been pumping up my subs, man. I I
haven't even put out a video. I'm
getting subs. You know,
it's crazy, man.
Isn't K dot like a maintenance dose of
special K? I don't know. You know? Yeah.
But that is crazy, right? KSK dot. Yeah,
it's not a crypto. I thought it was a
crypto. It's another name for a rapper
named Kendrick Lamar. All right.
Now, I haven't heard,
you know, I used to listen to Drake back
in like high school when Drake first
came out. When he first
came out, he had like that EP.
It was on the radio. That's all I know.
It's like like
super old stuff.
You know,
you're here for the K dot. Is K dot a
good stock?
Yes, I think K dot is a good stock,
guys. All right, look at this. We We are
We are in the long trade. All right,
we're up right now. 8,300 bucks. We got
half a mill. Half a million. Half a
millie.
Yeah, we're rocking the chain today,
baby.
Yeah, that Zevia. I know I shouldn't
drink it. I feel guilty drinking this
crap. I have a whole box in my house.
It's hard to say no. That's why I
usually don't buy this stuff. But it
tastes good. It gives me the burps. I
love the burps.
I love the burps.
You thought Kate was kidding me? Maybe I
like I don't know. I'm I look Look, you
guys see the the kind of beats I listen
to? I listen to the '9s boom bap stuff.
All right.
Um,
K Dot should be a memecoin.
Maybe I maybe I should start a meme coin
called K DOT.
And
that would just add to everything that's
going on right now. Here we go, baby.
We're starting to get this pump. It's a
little bit delayed. All right. It's a
little bit delayed. Do I consider adding
to the long? Yes, I consider it. I do
consider it. Here's the problem
that right now we might drop down a
little bit lower to the golden pockets.
So, I don't want to ruin the entry. Now,
if we're consistently trading above 77K
again,
I would add to it. I I won't be able to
add too much. I'm hoping maybe to add
another $150,000 on to the trade. Maybe
ride this thing up with a $650,000
position.
What's bad about Zevia? Um, well,
it's sitting in an aluminum can, so it
probably has BPA
and it has natural flavors in it. So,
who the heck knows what that is? And
there are some studies that show that
too much Zevia is not good for your
hormones in rat in mice in mice, but
they've never done like a human.
Anything that tastes too good to be true
is probably too good to be true in my
opinion. So, I I think you're probably
fine, Monstrada, man. You're probably
fine. You're probably fine, bro. All
right.
What do I think of the daily candle?
What's my leverage margin and entry for
the trade?
My leverage for the long trade is 11x.
My margin is $150,000.
My entry is $74,820.
You know, that's that's everything.
What do I think about the daily candle?
Let me find out. Let's take a look at
the daily candle.
I think the daily candle could look nice
if it closes back inside the range. I
mean, you have to remember all this
stuff happened on the weekend, guys. Let
me stretch out this.
All this stuff happened on a weekend.
Okay, so weekend low, Saturday, Sunday,
Monday, Monday was a weekend. So, we've
just taken out basically the weekend
high and we got a swing filler patter
the weekend high. Very normal. All
right. So, the question is, are we going
to take out the weekend low or are we
going to hold this box? Money flow
getting thicker on the daily.
The 4hour. Look, if we take the weekend
low, it's going to be an extremely
bullish looking divergent. All right? An
extremely bullish looking divergent
there.
Thank you, guys. Man, I I'll be honest
with you. I've got to pee. I'm going to
go go pee in the bushes. All right.
Going to go pee in the bushes here.
I love peeing in the bushes. Are these
the only two trades I have open as of
right now? No, I have other trades open.
I'm short from 97K on another Antarctic
account.
Um,
but yeah, these are technically the only
two trades I've open right now.
Don't be worried, Wan. I don't mean to
make you freaked out about the Zevia.
All right, it's probably fine. If that's
if the only thing you do is drink Zevia,
you're you're better off than 99.99% of
all people in America.
Um, but I always just think, you know,
anything in aluminum cans got BPA in it
and and Zevia extract in excess in mice
is not good for their hormones. Who
knows for people? I don't know.
Everything's bad for you, Wan Estrada.
So, I don't mean to make you worried.
Um,
come on, Bitcoin. We need a pump.
Oh, man.
That was a good pee. Honestly, it is a
beautiful day outside, guys. Honestly,
it is a beautiful, beautiful, beautiful
Oh my goodness. It's a gorgeous day. The
sun's out. They chem they chemtrailed
the crap out of the sky this morning. I
love this view. Is that not the most
beautiful view? Besides the garbage
cans, guys. Besides the garbage cans,
but you could tell they chemtrailed the
sky. Look at this. Look at this weird
sky. But now the sun's out and it's
beautiful,
man. Nothing like a nice sunny day.
The fib is squeezing.
Yeah. Let's see what happens here.
Let's see what happens here. How long
have we been live so far?
An hour. It's already been an hour. It
It literally feels like we've been live
for five minutes, guys.
I feel like we've been live for five.
Been live for five.
Check something here.
Wow,
man. I got a Hebrew class. I'm teaching
a Hebrew class tonight.
Teaching a biblical Hebrew class. Guys
want to learn how to read Hebrew. You
want to chant from the Torah scroll? I'm
your guy. I'm your guy. I got a free
course,
you know.
See, we're dumping, says Michael Jason.
Make sure to wash my hands. Nah, none of
that stuff. Come on. I know a trader who
always pees out the window to save time
when using high leverage. I' Is that Are
you talking about me, Sunshine Girl?
Because I've done it. Done it many
times. The egg code is blue eggs. All
right. Blue eggs is the egg code. All
right, Larry Garcia. Blue eggs is the
egg code.
Blue eggs. Blue eggs. Blue eggs. Big
shout out to the super chat in the
house. Jay, can you check Nio stock,
please? Yeah, let's check Nio.
Nio. Nio.
Let's check it out.
Someone gave me a thumbs down. Oh. Oh,
no. How could you dislike this content?
>> Yeah. Let's check out Nio.
>> Medium and high. All right, we'll start
on the monthly.
Bam. Wow, the monthly is printing a top.
Um, we looks like we've looked at this
before.
Look, I don't know anything about NIO at
all. But one thing I will say is that on
log scale, it's pretty clear that we are
kind of breaking out of this trend line,
which is pretty significant.
We've made a higher high. We've made a
higher low.
All right, this
we're holding above the PC. We we back
tested the PC.
See here. Let's pull the fib low to
high.
Bounce from the golden pocket PC combo.
It's not bad, honestly. Let's check out
the weekly.
Weekly bullish div on the weekly at the
low at the value area low.
Is this an accumulation?
Looks a little accumulation-y here.
You know, we've got this clearly defined
high.
We've got the low established.
We've taken the low,
you know. Um,
let's check out our 5day.
I mean, money flow is turning back up
here. I don't know what the heck this
thing is, so I I can't comment on
whether or not it's like a bullish asset
or business.
If I was looking for a setup right now,
um,
to be totally honest, I I would, the way
I trade, I would have a very hard time
getting in. Now, I would ideally want to
maybe come down a little bit lower into
this zone around $4. That would be nice
because that would be a really nice back
test of the support right here. So, to
the value area low, we have like support
fake out back test of original support,
you know. But thank you so much for the
super chat. I don't know much about NIO,
but thank you for the super chat. All
right, let's see if Bitcoin is pumping
or dumping here.
Uh crap. We're dumping, man. We're
dumping. We're dumping.
Ah, man.
Crap. Crap.
Crap.
Is Hebrew Jewish? Uh, no. I would say
that
I would I would say that probably um
is Hebrew Jewish? I mean these days the
Jewish people are the only people that
have preserved the Hebrew language for
thousands of years
but originally
it was the language of the Hebrews.
Can you check virtuals? Sure. Let's
check out virtuals.
virtuals.
Uh,
okay. Hang on.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Let's check it out.
Check it out.
We got this little channel thing kind of
breaking out. Uh,
we got this whole deal. Let's see.
I can't really see the dang volume here.
Uh
huh. Okay. I don't know what the heck is
up with this. Maybe.
All right. I don't know what's up with
that.
Um so, honestly, the weekly money flow
looks nice. It's about the cross to the
upside.
Um,
Hebrew is Jewish. I guess it is today,
you know, like that's the thing. Like
what do you mean by that? Like that
could mean so many different things. The
Hebrew language is the language of the
Hebrews. It comes from the root word
avar, which means to cross over, to pass
over. Because originally
the Hebrews were the people that lived
across over that way, right?
So then fast forward to Moses,
you know, he receives the Torah in
Hebrew. Fast forward to the Babylonian
exile
and now the people living in the land of
Judah are exiled to Babylon.
And so they take Hebrew into Babylon
and they adopt the Aramaic font for
their for the language instead of the
original font. And then when they come
back from exile, yeah, they're they're
called Jews because they're the people
from Judah.
And so nowadays, like I said, the Jewish
people are the only people who preserve
the Hebrew language.
But
it's a very, very, very ancient
language.
>> Do you love chemtrails?
Says one. Yeah. I I I hope you know
I met somebody who said, you know, it's
the only thing they can do to keep us
from getting into some kind of horrible
kind of drought famine. It's to cloud
seed. I said, I hope you're right.
Virtuals, money flow starting to cross
from the purple into the blue. Daily
time frame, money flow from the purple
into the blue.
Um,
let's see.
I don't know why the fixed range volume
profile isn't working. Is this even the
right pair?
Is it even the right pair? I don't know.
I don't really know what to say about it
to be honest. Like
it's just consolidating in this giant
descending triangle.
I don't know anything about it
fundamentally. Up up up upside potential
500% downside potential
62%.
If we're going to look at it from a
risk-to-reward ratio as it stands right
now, assuming we don't make another low.
All right. Assuming we don't make
another low,
then we are talking about
a 7 to1 risk-to-reward. Eh,
yeah. Like, here's what I don't like
about it. We don't have bullish
divergences at this low.
We don't really have any kind of change
of market structure or anything that
would make me say I'm feeling bullish
now. Uh, are we breaking out of a trend
line on log scale? Yes,
let's put it on normal scale.
Yeah, you could also say we're
potentially breaking out of this. All
right.
I don't know. I don't really know what
to think about it. I I don't have a
strong conviction to buy it right now
based on the chart. The riskreward is
good. Assuming we make new assuming we
come to the all-time highs.
Uh if we just take the top of the wedge,
it's a 3:1 riskreward. As a spot buy,
it's not bad, you know.
As a spot buy, it's not bad.
Stevia tastes like ASS.
Really? You think that?
Oh man, I shouldn't have taken profits
on this short trade, man. That was so
dumb of me. Oh well, I can't be mad
about 20 20K.
Um,
maybe it will go back up on Father's
Day. Maybe, maybe, maybe. Let's see.
Man,
I feel kind of lame right now. I took
profit on the short.
I was all hyped up on the long. Let's
see. I think we could still get a bounce
from here, guys. I think we might still
be able to get a bounce from here.
Let's see.
Yeah, we might be able to still get a
bounce from here.
My zones are different to yours and I
can't help but feel like my TA is wrong.
What should you do? Stick to your own
TA,
right? I stick to my own TA. It's always
better to stick to your own TA.
You know,
if I'm teaching Hebrew, why not just be
Jewish? Well, I I do have Jewish blood
in me.
But here's the thing. Even if you're not
Jewish, Hebrew is a very important
language
because the scriptures were given in
Hebrew.
So if you want to know what what the
Bible says
without
translators translating into your
language, you got to learn Hebrew. If
you want to know what the Greek
scriptures say, got to learn Greek. I
mean, honestly, I mean, if anyone really
wants to know
whether or not the Bible's been changed,
you have to learn the original languages
because you can go look at manuscripts
that are very, very ancient and you can
see, all right, what did what did the
New Testament say before the council of
Nika? What did it say before
the church and the state merged? You
know, what what did the Hebrew Bible say
before Jesus was born? You can go read
it for yourself if you know the original
languages.
Um,
is Crypto Crank losing money? I'm not
sure. Crypto Crank, are you still
convicted? He's he's in from 759. So, I
think we're at his entry right now. I
don't know. I know he hates roundt
tripping, so I don't know. He probably
took a profit. He probably locked in
some profit.
The Jews don't like Jesus. Don't forget.
What does that even mean? Jesus is
Jewish. All the first followers of Jesus
were Jewish. All of them. The authors of
the New Testament are all Jewish except
for one of them. What does that even
mean? I'm Jewish. I love Jesus. I live
my life around Jews who love Jesus. What
does that even mean? Do some Jews hate
Jesus? Yeah. And guess what?
That's biblical. All right. Have you
ever read the book of Romans where Paul
says that
the Israelites, the Jewish people are
enemies of the good news for a period of
time until the fullness of the Gentiles
be brought into the kingdom and then he
says in this way all Israel will be
saved. So everything's happening
according to God's plan. All right? When
people point fingers at other people,
guess what? That's sinful. All right?
People pointing fingers at other groups
of people, everyone sucks, guys.
Everyone sucks. People want to point
fingers and play the blame game and
blame their woes on this group or that
group. Let me tell you what, if any
group that you think is bad was out of
the way, another group would come into
power just as bad and do all the same
things. Do you know why? Humanity is
sinful.
Humanity,
everybody is sinful, in need of
redemption, in need of being born again.
The only way that's possible is through
Jesus the Messiah.
That's the only way it's possible.
That's the only solution. All right.
Everything else, you're spinning your
wheels, wasting your time. Seriously.
Um, how do you tune into the Hebrew
class? You can't. It's a private thing.
It's a private class. Um,
you know,
but here's the thing. Everybody hates
Jesus.
The world hates Jesus.
Everything is anti-Jesus, right? Jews, a
lot of Jews in modern rabbitic Judaism,
they hate Jesus.
All right.
Um, they hate the real Jesus, right?
Muslims love a fake Jesus. They despise
the real Jesus, right? the the true
biblical Jesus the world hates just is
what it is. That's a spiritual thing.
All right? That has nothing to do with a
group of people or an ethnic line or a
bloodline. Has everything to do with sin
which affects all humanity. All right.
Um
the markets have targeted me and they
figured out maybe they have honestly.
Um
maybe they have maybe they figured me
out. I don't know. At least I've been
able to squeeze some dang profits out of
these markets to say the least,
you know. Um,
at least I've been able to squeeze some
money out of these markets.
How do you get saved? Crowbar, you have
to surrender your life to the Lord. You
have to come before the Lord and say,
"Jesus,
I I acknowledge that my sin is leading
to destruction. And I also acknowledge
that the only solution is to be born
again as a new creation. And I
acknowledge that the way that you
provided for me to be born again as a
new creation is you died on the cross to
pay for my sin. You rose from the dead.
You ascended to heaven as a
representative of humanity restored.
And he promises if you put your faith in
what he did, he will cause you to be a
born again, new creation. He will change
your life. It's something that I you
cannot describe it unless it happens to
you. Being born again. Being born again,
a changed new creation.
It's something that God does. It's a
supernatural thing. It's a supernatural
thing. But you have to purpose it in
your heart to surrender fully to God.
And he does the rest. And he will change
you. He will fundamentally change you.
>> He will fundamentally change you.
>> Yeah. There you go. Lord Jesus Christ,
son of God, have mercy on me, a sinner.
Shout out to Daniel from Costa Rica. And
guys, Bitcoin is crashing. I'm losing
thousands of dollars here.
Yeah. Jesus turns the stone into flesh.
He will change you. You know,
he will change you.
I know I shouldn't have closed half my
short. I I know I feel like a fool. But
here's the thing. As long as we're
holding this purple box, I still think
that there's hope. I still think that
there's hope for the long. Uh so maybe I
did make the right decision.
>> You know, maybe I did make the right
decision. We'll have to see.
We'll have to wait and see. If we do get
a bounce from the purple box and I see a
clear bounce from a key level, I might
add up to 500,000 more dollars onto this
trade,
you know.
You want to learn how to trade WebMBA
fan? Then here's what you got to do. I
have a
free trading course. Okay? I have a free
trading course on YouTube.
Go to my YouTube channel.
Let's see here.
Jason Casper,
go to playlists,
go to
um
where is it? Free trading course. I'll
post the link in the chat. All right,
I'll post the link in the chat for you.
Boom.
Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom.
There you go.
>> Free trading course.
So, Wemma fan, if you want to learn how
to trade, check out the free course.
Man,
hype seems to be kind of pumping. Yeah,
this thing is out of control. You know,
I cannot I cannot.
The problem with hype for me, guys, is I
don't know what to do when when things
are in free free pump mode.
I for one cannot bring myself to buy
them. It's very difficult for me to
short them. But I will say this about
hype. We we did get a bullish and we
were looking at it a little bit this
morning, but we broke out of this
resistance and we got a back test. Let's
let's zoom in on hype here.
All right,
we got a breakout and a back test of
this support. If this holds, we could
see higher. So there was a speculative
long of this below the low today or even
safer below the low from uh Friday and
we were targeting up around 80
something,000
at the 2 to1 Fibonacci extension.
But in general guys I I don't like to
touch this stuff, right? I I need a what
would be a better setup on hype? And
like that's the thing, you're not you're
never guaranteed an amazing setup here.
When I see something like this, all
right, let's go to the weekly time
frame. When I see something like this
weekly candle here, I think to myself,
the majority of people are probably
FOMOing into hype right now. But really,
we have a massive fair value gap that we
filled at 47 bucks. All right, not only
that, but as it stands right now, if we
pull the fib from this last swing low to
the high, we have a golden pocket coming
in right around 46 bucks. All right. Not
only that, if we take a look at the
volume of this last pump here, we've got
the value area high at around 41 bucks.
So, for me, I think to myself as a
trader, as an investor, you I'm not
really interested in this right now
because we just had a massive pump and
yeah, we could come higher, but we might
not. And there's better opportunities in
other assets. All right. If however, I
wake up one day and hype is down here, I
say to myself, now this is a good
opportunity.
This is a massive support resistance
flip. It goes all the way back to the
spring of 2025. We would fill the fair
value gap. We back test the key volume
level,
right? If we pull all of this, I mean,
we wow. I mean, look at this, right?
Look at how beautiful that opportunity
would be. We had the value area high,
the golden pocket. It's like now that's
an opportunity. Yes, it's a bullish
asset. Can you imagine how many people
would get wrecked who bought hype in the
last week or so during this pump? They
give it all back. Typical, typical,
typical, typical.
And then we come to key support and and
even if we don't make a new all-time
high, like even if we don't do this, all
right, you're still talking like massive
percent gains, right? Even if we make a
lower high, right? We come up here and
back test this
support resistance flip. I mean, you're
still talking like a 3940% gain right
there. So, like for me, I this is one
thing I just I got to be patient on. And
like, am I interested in shorting
something like this? No, I'm not really,
you know. So,
I'm sorry, guys. I know it's not
sensational. I know I know CryptoFace
made $100,000 long in hype this morning.
I try to be as sensational as I can. I
try to be as sensational as I can. You
know,
Drake Conry on TV still doesn't know if
I'm demo or real. He still doesn't know.
I don't know. Let chat, what do you
think is do I trade demo or real? Let
him know. I I said I trade demo. I said,
look, this is all demo. Never risk any
real money. But who knows? Am I joking?
Am I serious? Like, who knows? Chat, let
them know. Is this real or fake money?
All right.
Cryptoface made 200K. That's crazy.
That's crazy.
Do I think the free trading course made
me profitable? I took my own free
trading course and that's what made me
profitable, you know.
Shout out to Justin. just Justin Irwin
who says, "Let's rip the band-aid off
and and um
and go to 50K so that we can make new
all-time highs." All right.
I I kind of like that. I kind of like
that.
I kind of like that. Let's do it.
See, it's all fake. It's all demo. There
you go. It's real. 7500,
>> man. Can you imagine?
Yeah, it's all demo. There you go. There
you guys have it.
There you guys have it. Never buy the
top unless you just want to scalp. Yeah,
that's true. I mean, there was a good
scalp to be had here. There was a great
scalp to be had here.
Uh but that scalp is is over. In fact,
maybe did we take the highs from
yesterday? Did we take the weekend
highs?
Yeah. Okay. So, Bitcoin and Hype doing
the same exact thing right now. Come on,
Bitcoin. We need a bit of a bounce here.
We need a bit of a bounce.
What does it mean to be demo but real
USDT?
It's demo but real USDT. What does that
mean? Says Drake on TV.
Look guys, in all seriousness, this is a
decentralized exchange. You can't demo
trade. This is This is all real money.
All right. This really is real. All
right.
It really is real. I've been doing this
for a long time, guys.
All right.
Bitcoin breaking my heart. While Biddy
While Biddy uh while hype is filling
your pockets. I wish hype was fill in my
pockets, but I'm not in hype at all, you
know? I wish I was, but I'm not.
But at the end of the day, whether or
not I'm demo trading, it really doesn't
matter. I'll tell you why it really
doesn't matter. Cuz if it's real or
fake, my analysis is on point. All
right. If you're in the Casper Crew VIP
Discord, you know, whether it's demo or
real, I am nailing these trades. All
right? I'm nailing the analysis. I'm
nailing the entries. I'm nailing the
take profits. So,
if it is fake, at least I'm good at fake
trading.
>> We're all demo traders.
What's the lowest I think ETH can go? I
don't know. 800.
800 maybe. I don't know.
Does trading futures cost you interest?
And does in is interest allowed in real
Christianity?
Um,
does futures cost interest?
Um, I don't know actually. There's a
funding fee. Is that interest? Is
interest allowed in true Christianity? I
don't think it's biblical to charge
interest. I don't think it's biblical to
charge interest.
If you're going to if you're going to
give somebody a loan, I don't think it's
biblical to charge interest.
I don't think that's quite fair.
But honestly, I don't know. I honestly
don't know.
So, I'll have to get back to you on
that. I honestly don't know. I'll be
totally honest with you. I don't know.
I don't know how to answer that question
to be honest.
Dr. Go, I will pray for you, bro. I will
pray for you that the Lord blesses your
baby that's popping out this Saturday.
And I pray that there are no
complications or anything like that with
the birth for mother or baby in Jesus
name, bro.
Um,
this your first kid. That's awesome.
That's awesome,
man. I'm about to have my fourth kid,
which is crazy. I can't believe I'm
having a fourth kid. I never thought I'd
have one. Now I got four. The D in USDT
stands for demo. No, it stands for
Donald.
It stands for Donald Trump,
you know. It stands for Donald Trump.
You're going to get a bit funded. Uh,
speaking of Bitunded, they are doing the
$250 giveaway. So, if you sign up using
my link, you have a chance to win a
$5,000 funded account.
How do I know if people are longing or
shorting on open interest?
You come over to Market Monkey. You take
a look at the open interest going up or
down. And there's two ways. Let me
stretch out the screen here.
There's two ways. Way number one
is you put on net longs and net shorts
which is down here. All right. So if
open interest is going up let's say like
it was back here and you could see net
longs going up like crazy then you know
lots of longs. The second way is you
just look at the delta. All right. So
right here you have open interest going
up. The total volume is 500 million. The
delta is 94. That means there's 94
million more longs than shorts opening
up in this candle, which which lets you
know that this candle overall. I I would
say there's 94 million longs opening up
here. What I really mean by that is
there's 94 million net longs opening up
here. Like when all is said and done,
longs versus shorts on this candle,
there's 94 million net longs. of the 500
million volume, there's 94 million more
longs and shorts, which means in total,
this candle is 94 million longs opening
up on an increase of open interest. Now,
if it's on a decrease of open interest,
and you see here it say it looks like
there's 26 million more shorts than
longs. It's not really true because it's
happening on a decrease of open
interest. These aren't really shorts
opening up. They're pro they're just
longs closing out, right? Those are the
two tools that you can use
to see
violin hip-hop.
Hey yo, open interest. You want to kiss
this J Casper. You know you can't
dismiss. I want to know. Are the longs
opening? Are the shorts coming out? Are
we poking? I'm joking. So sit back, just
relax. I'mma show you the bid verse to
ask. You got a green candle open
interest pumping? Are they longs? Are
they shorts? It got me wondering. We
take a look at the candle right here.
Now sit back, relax. I'mma spit it in
your ear. 94 million longs, my dear.
Have no fear cuz Jason Casper is here.
Tell you the truth, I spit it. Don't
shoot. Next thing you know, you're in
your birthday suit. Naked in front of
the whole audience. The Bitcoin price.
You know you want the song to dance.
This means the delta. 94 million more
longs than the shelters. The shelters
are the shorts. Get 500 volume coming
out. Don't snort.
You got the tissue. Spit the mucus.
Don't get sick. Don't get lupus. You can
see that we got the 94 more than the
shorts like before. You can also use net
longs and net shorts just to see if the
bear snort to get or to short the white
adult. We dork through the dork to make
it look like we want to work. Oh man,
I'm just making up words. I don't know
what to say. Jay, haven't you heard? No,
cuz I'm not a rapper, just a treadmill
guy trying to make some profits. Trying
to get them high. But we got a fail CD
dub. Bitcoin won't pump up. We've had
enough. I shouldn't have taken profit on
my short. Don't snuff. I'm acting tough.
It's kind of rough, man.
That's a pretty cool beat right there.
Um.
Oh man, I do like this music.
Can I share my MMT template? It's really
not much. All right.
Heat. Heat. N.
All right.
All right. All right. All right. All
right, guys. I have to head out. All
right. God bless you all. I wish I could
stay here all day, but the wife needs
me. All right.
I was hoping we get some more
volatility, but we didn't. All right.
God bless you guys in Jesus name. May
the Lord bless you and your families,
and I will see you guys next time.
Peace.